# OmniVision

We have developed a multi-platform system consisting of sensors and camera designed to help analyze a baby’s sleeping position and other conditions to help parents and caretakers properly assess and improve a child’s bedtime. Studies have shown that sleeping sideways or on his/her belly increases the chance of non-desirable health conditions for a developing baby, potentially leading to deaths due to reasons such as the inability to breathe properly during regular sleep cycles. (https://www.nichd.nih.gov/sites/default/files/publications/pubs/documents/SIDS_QA-508-rev.pdf). Therefore, it is recommended that babies to be sleeping on their back to minimize such risks. However, it is impossible for a human to keep track of a baby’s position all night long. Therefore, we have decided to build an application that would send notifications that would alert parents to change the baby’s position, serving as an immeasurable tool that eases the burden of child care. This application would be responsible for constantly monitoring a baby's health by tracking metrics such as physical body posture, head position, and breathing frequency. Our mission in the future would be to incorporate this sleep analysis application into a bigger ecosystem that includes danger detection. We also hope to incorporate interchangeable hardware, which could work as the baby’s bed, car seat, and stroller. Such hardware could be transformed between multiple forms by simply changing the base of the bed (which will have a functionality of gentle rocking motion when it detects a baby having a hard time reaching a deeper sleep cycle, along with other sensors such as a sensitive heart rate sensor to monitor slight changes in health condition).
